Now you're gonna work with all kinds of people, people that you disagree
with, people that you really like, people that you don't like. But
it turns out you're still gonna have to work with. You have to figure
a way around that, Uh, I've never been in a situation where there
was someone that just, absolutely could not work with. If you find
yourself in that situation part of it's probably you remember that
no matter how long you are in a place, you're eventually gonna leave
as probably going to be on the order of two years or three years and
that person or that person is gonna leave. So just being able to deal
with that person free for that period of time, that might be your
best strategy. I do not want you to take that to mean that if this
if, if you're working with a difficult person that is denigrating that
is disrespectful or just doing things that are just plain wrong
that is different than someone who is just holds a totally different
but perhaps equally valid perspective on and you argue about that.
Those are two separate things